Title: How often should I practice guitar? 
Content: Everyday, even if its 5 minutes. each little bit helps.

Title: How long does it take to get good at guitar?
Content: If you wanna play like your heroes, you'll most likely never feel like you're good. If you play something and it makes you feel nice inside then you're already good.

Title: How do I tune my guitar?
Content: Download a guitar tuner app and turn the pegs until each string matches the tuning on the app.

Title: Why does my guitar sound out of tune?
Content: It's not tuned correctly or your ears think it's not tuned correctly. If it sounds right just keep playing.

Title: What’s the easiest song to learn first?
Content: 0-3-5. 

Title: Should I start with acoustic or electric guitar?
Content: Which ever one your favorite artist plays and you like the sound of more.

Title: Why do my fingers hurt so much when I play?
Content: It's normal, your digging your fingers into steel. Just keep at it and you'll develop calluses. 

Title: How do I change guitar strings?
Content: Youtube it. 

Title: What size pick should I use?
Content: Whatever feels best. Try what you favorite artist uses first.

Title: What’s a good amp for beginners?
Content: The Yamaha THR 10 or the Boss Katana MK2 are both well equipped, budget amps.

Title: How do I know if my guitar needs to be set up?
Content: When you feel like you have to fight it to make a sound. A cheap gutiar with a good setup can go a long way.

Title: Why does my guitar buzz when I play certain notes?
Content: Either you're pressing too hard/soft, or the guitar isn't set up properly. Keep at it. 

Title: What’s the difference between single-coil and humbucker pickups?
Content: Single coils sound like a sweet slow morning and Humbuckers sound like running through the mud.

Title: Do I need to learn scales?
Content: Yes. it's a good reference point when you're moving up and down the neck. Follow your ear. 

Title: How do I strum properly? My rhythm feels off.
Content: You have to feel the rhythm. Or else just use a metronome.

Title: Can I learn guitar by myself or do I need lessons?
Content: Youtube is a vast ocean of tutorials.
